## 1. An Introduction to NoSQL Database Generator

* This is a tool for the generation of databases for MongoDB NoSQL technologies from the same conceptual model. 
* This repository contains all transformations and code generation templates that are used to transform a UML class diagram and related query workload information into final implementation schemas and table in MongoDB.

## 2. Structure of the project

#### Entity Package

* This package holds the entity information for the class, including the input class, the QPG class, and finally the Schemata class

#### mapping_infoFiles_to_QPG Package (Step1)

* In this step, the tool takes an input file, named onlineStore.info, containing the conceptual model and query workload of the Online Store 

* The output of this step is a Query Path Graph (QPG) represented by the node, edge and query specifications in Tables 1, 2, and 3 respectively.

* In order to determine HW and HA entity types, the tool asks the designer to determine which entity types are HA/HW. In this use case, assume that the designer determines Order as HW and Product as HA.

#### mapping_QPG_to_document_collection_schemas (Step2)

* This step maps the QPG into document collection schemas according to the mapping algorithms.

* This step generates the document collection schemas

####  mapping_ document_collection_schemas (Step3)

* This step maps the document collection schemas generated by Step2 into a database in MongoDB.

## 3. Required packages

IDE : Java 1.8

Maven : maven 4.0

Extend Lib : see the pom.xml

## 4. Installation and usage

input file : resource/experiments/OnlineStore.info

output directory :  resource/experiments/online_store

You can open main.java and run it directly.

Also You can see a compiled Jar Package NOSQL-Document.jar  in src/main/java directory

eg : java -jar NOSQL-Document.jar
